9 DAYS AGO
AICHI PREFECTURE, DEIKA CITY
The disaster unveils here.
Without even realizing it,
the seed of disaster
is always taking root.
Have you lost your resolve?
Who would want that?
Flashfreeze Heatwave!
Pro-level work just 30 minutes
after getting their provisional licenses.
I have some questions for the students
who defeated the villains.
They are from Class 1-A of U.A. High,
Shoto Todoroki and Katsuki Bakugo.
Do you two always receive training
as a team?
If that's what you see,
you should get your eyes
and brain checked by a doctor.
We get along very well.
Don't be absurd!
When did we ever get along?
We were always together while taking
lessons for the provisional license test.
Your logic is totally off base!
Time and friendship
aren't always proportional!
What do you mean by my logic?
How should I know?
You should get your brain checked as well!
It's the end of December.
The second semester will soon end
in a few days.
Do you two always receive training
as a team?
We get along very well.
Don't you feel any fear?
No, I felt no fear.
I just did what I usually do in training.
I have a question for Todoroki.
The interview lasted for one hour!
But Bakugo's part was completely cut out!
There was only a glimpse of his head!
This isn't fair.
He is somehow being protected, in a way.
That was the third station
to interview them.
It was a disgrace
to all the positive feedback
from their heroic feat.
The provisional license holders are young,
but we can surely count on them.
I hope they can start their career
as pro heroes as soon as possible.
We wouldn't want another disaster
in Deika City.
It's been nine days since the incident.
A riot by a group of 20
caused great destruction
to Deika City in mere 50…
The scale of this disaster
was even greater
than the one from Kamino Ward.
The place was too remote,
so the casualty number was very low.
It's been widely regarded
as a planned operation
that took advantage
of pro heroes' low morale.
But the people on the streets
think otherwise.
I think the pro heroes in Deika
lack experience.
The loosening of restrictions
should be discussed.
A thorough assessment
on the deployment application?
It's nothing but a belated attempt.
We hope the heroes work harder.
We will do our best too, I think.
Mr. Kuraishisu, what is your take
on the incident?
When we faced destruction of this scale,
people always bashed
the heroes for their failure.
But now, we are at a turning point
of a new era.
We went from criticizing them
to yelling words of motivation for them.
Everything changed
when the "look carefully" kid
cheered for Endeavor.
Look carefully!
Who's the man standing up
and fighting for us right now?
Maybe Endeavor was really doing his best.
Don't be too optimistic.
The public's opinion may be taking
the heroes' side,
but that also means people have a fear
of an imminent threat that is yet to come.
Are the cheers for those
who should come out on top
actually prayers for victories?
Pretentious heroes
should be closely inspected
because people need real heroes!
Mt. Lady!
I invited her to give you
a special lesson.
After all, you are getting more exposure
on the media.
Midnight is here to help her out.
I'm not getting any exposure!
Work harder next time.
I am in no place to say it, but you are
the most pretentious of them all!
Shut it!
Today's lesson is about the media drill.
As the beauty who is in the spotlight,
I, Mt. Lady, will show you
the proper manner a hero should have.
I have no idea what I should do,
but everyone,
let's overcome every problem
with the spirit of Plus Ultra!
-Yes!
The lesson will be about
practicing for your hero interviews!
This is easy.
Shoto, please come forward.
Okay.
Shoto, you did an incredible job.
What are you talking about?
Just pretend you've finished a job.
Now start talking.
Okay.
What kind of hero do you aim
to become, Shoto?
I want everyone to feel safe
when I'm around.
Outstanding!
My heartbeat would be elevated
if I were rescued
by a handsome hero like you.
Do you have any heart condition?
What is wrong with this kid?
He is cute! I want him!
What special moves do you use?
Heaven-Piercing Ice Wall.
A wide-ranged attack that subdues enemies
and provides platforms to stand on.
Also…
There is a slightly more violent move
known as Flashfreeze Heatwave.
It was the move he used against Class B.
-That was Endeavor's…
-Flashfire Fist!
Flashfire Fist is my father's move.
What?
Flashfire Fist.
Jetburn!
I still have much to learn
before I catch up to him.
I must work to improve myself.
I won't deny that you touched on
a more personal matter in this part.
But if you want people to feel safe,
it's better to learn
how to smile at people.
Your smile would murder the girls
in an instant.
Girls die when I smile?
Forget it!
Should I show my moves
during my interview?
Come on, students of U.A. High.
Not everyone knows you that well.
Your ultimate move is your symbol.
You must let people know
what you're capable of with it.
It promotes teamwork in a pinch
and also serves as a warning
to the villains.
It helps people to trust you
and count on you to save the day.
The ultimate moves heroes shout
carry significant meaning.
Her brain was all about looking good
on cameras not that long ago.
-It's not just Mt. Lady.
-What?
All the heroes are inspired
by the No.1 Hero.
All right. Let's speed up the interview.
My hero name is Ingenium!
I inherited the will
of the previous Ingenium, my brother,
to keep moving forward!
I can feel your enthusiasm!
I am Creati.
I read all kinds of books.
You can count on me for anything!
Your confidence makes you reliable!
I am Uravity! My Quirk is Zero Gravity!
I can remove gravity from any object!
It takes skill to present a speech
that eases the atmosphere!
Jet-Black Hero: Tsukuyomi!
Those who do not know darkness
will never know glory!
Great! You sound so cool!
Sturdy Hero: Red Riot!
No one will get hurt
as long as I'm shielding them!
How reliable!
I am Pinky and I can melt anything!
I can electrify anything!
Stun Gun Hero: Chargebolt!
What was that?
Did I worry too much earlier?
You are doing a terrific job
introducing yourselves!
I don't just talk! Shut up and follow me!
You sound better
when you get a solo interview.
I get it now.
You don't get along with human beings.
Sorry, Bakugo.
They cut out your interview
because I was there.
Don't be so full of yourself!
A lousy jerk like you isn't enough
to make me look bad!
I see.
I think Bakugo should learn from Aizawa
about how to avoid the media.
No. I think that kid has other things
to learn before that.
You must be Deku.
I saw your amazing performance.
That is very good.
I'm glad you saw it.
What do you think
about your performance just now?
It was good.
That guy can harden up, just like me!
He is too nervous.
Speaking of which,
he never got interviewed in the past.
I can tell many of your attack moves
are paying homage to All Might.
You must have great respect for him.
Yes!
This is the only time he speaks up.
But I thought that wasn't enough.
So I modified his attack
with my own style.
Take Delaware Smash for example.
I took that name because All Might didn't
use it for his attacks.
I've been practicing to change
this attack into another form.
-I call it Delaware Airforce.
-This is getting tedious.
Speaking of which,
his Quirk went on a rampage the other day.
I heard he had better control over it now.
Is he really okay?
It's not a Quirk of dominating strength.
One For All's new power.
It's not coming out.
I can no longer sense it.
It's been two weeks since then.
I have been practicing how to construct
the image every day.
It's not gone. Even the other guy said so.
I must use the power as my own extension.
That power is right before me.
It's been sealed away,
but it's still there.
If it's locked away,
that means I can either unleash it
or store its energy.
I've moved past the stage
where I couldn't use it.
Next,
just as I can control
the output of One For All,
all I need to do is to unleash that power
within my controllable output.
Yes!
I can only use it for a little, but this
is the first step of controlling it.
I can slowly…
-What was that thing?
Don't get so excited
over this little thing.
Shouldn't you get some rest?
Principal.
Sleep deprivation damages your hair too.
No, I still get enough sleep.
There is nothing to worry about.
You have a very different definition
for fatigue compared to normal people.
SUCCESOR
INDIVIDUALITY
It's been too long,
so I couldn't get a complete record.
Is there anything I can help you with?
I received a report.
The hero internship
will be restarted soon.
What?
They are restarting the hero internship?
SHOTO TODOROKI
QUIRK: HALF-COLD HALF-HOT
GENERATES ICE FROM HIS RIGHT
FLAME FROM HIS LEFT
EIJIRO KIRISHIMA
QUIRK: HARDENING
HARDENS HIS BODY FOR DEFENSE AND OFFENSE
What is this about?
Why are they restarting
the internship program?
Principal, you could use a chair.
I think this is the best way to stay warm.
The agencies and our school decided
not to dabble with hero activities.
It's clear they were
taking the side of public opinion.
The Hero Public Safety Commission
demands all students
have practical field training.
"Demands"?
So they want the kids
to have an internship.
-Yes.
-Which means…
They think there aren't enough heroes.
But it's apparent to us that
this line of work is saturated.
This is to learn the best way
to react to organized villain activities.
Something must have gone horribly wrong
with the Deika City incident.
Is this linked to the League of Villains?
Why can't they make things clearer?
I think the Commission already sensed
an imminent threat coming our way.
They don't make the information public
and used ambiguous wordings to prevent us
from knowing too much secrets.
Just as Kayama said,
the restarting of the internship program
is like a message sent by the Commission.
Well, they can't just
publicly deploy the students.
Something is not right.
It has never happened before.
Whatever the case is,
it's a hero's job
to always be ready for any crisis.
We should contact heroes
with good track records.
This will be the homework
for their winter break.
Please relay this message to your classes.
-Understood.
By the way, Aizawa,
about the program we mentioned before…
A FEW DAYS LATER
It's been four months since U.A. High
mandated the students to live in dorms.
We have found nothing suspicious so far.
So there isn't any mole planted
by the League of Villains.
From now on, if we detect any movement
from the League of Villains,
and nothing from the students,
we can confirm that.
Principal, everyone from the Hero Course
has a heart of a hero.
Yes, I am aware of that.
Are you coming back today?
It might be difficult
to make it in time today.
Is Young Midoriya in trouble?
Oh, my. Did you forget today's date?
Ready…
They want us on internship again.
We must be the busiest first-year students
in the history of U.A. High!
Are you returning to Ryukyu's agency?
Yes. What about you, Jiro?
Christmas is the best!
Midoriya, do you have any plans?
Since Nighteye's agency was…
I thought Centipeder took over the agency.
You haven't met in a long time!
Yes, I thought so at first.
Sorry, Midoriya.
I'm sorry to say this,
but I got my hands full at the moment.
It's been a long time, Deku!
Sir Nighteye was unbelievable!
He always did everything on his own,
so this transition has been hard.
Even my mentor Gran Torino
from the workplace experience can't do it.
So I don't know where I should go.
I see.
But it's different from the last time
where we chose to participate.
Since it's a school assignment
this time around,
the school will contact agencies for us.
-I see…
-Why are you sneaking around me?
-Well…
-I have no idea what you're saying.
Bakugo, will you go to Best Jeanist?
What?
BEST JEANIST: MISSING
I haven't decided yet.
Bakugo? Don't you have a hero name?
They rejected all of them!
All my ideas were shut down!
Really?
Tell me about them.
Explosion Warlord!
Explosion Duke!
Explosion Killer!
What are you? A fifth-grader?
Your hero name carries hope.
It decides the way you work
and how you should work.
You haven't had a good look at this world.
So I want you to look at this world.
Come back to me
once you're in your second year
and you have your provisional license.
Then I'll ask you about your hero name.
But plenty of agencies are asking for you
because of the sports day!
You can go wherever you want.
I don't want to learn
from some second-rated heroes.
I'm not wearing that!
Come on, put it on. Be part of the clan.
Internship…
It's Holy Night!
How long are you going to talk
about this boring assignment?
Your stance is a breath of fresh air.
Well, Mineta has a point.
Let's enjoy the feast!
-Sugarman, the fantastic chef!
Sorry for being late.
Has the party started yet?
ERI
Trick or treat?
No, you got it all wrong.
-It's Eri in a Santa dress!
She looks so adorable!
This outfit looks great on you.
Devils out! Fortune in!
No, that's two months from now.
Is Togata here too?
Togata is having a party
with his classmates.
All right, join them.
Okay.
She is so cute!
I drew on the eggs.
We do that for Easter.
Eri, do you want some juice?
Yes.
The horn has grown bigger.
She is very optimistic.
Your words the other day
meant a lot to her.
I'LL BE THE NO. 1 HERO
KAMINARI
MANLY
STICKY RICE CAKE SLICE
Back then,
we knew nothing at all.
We thought we could celebrate Christmas
the next year as we did that day.
We honestly thought so.
The Christmas party ended
with fun and joy.
After the party,
we started to worry about
where to get our internship done.
Midoriya. Bakugo.
If you don't have a place to go,
would you like to join me
and work for the No.1 Hero,
Endeavor, as interns?
Next episode…
We accepted Todoroki's invitation.
Kacchan and I started our internship
at Endeavor's agency.
This is your chance, Izuku Midoriya.
What kind of hero activities
is the No.1 Hero dabbling in?
I must do my best to learn
and remember everything I can.
I must make the best of this experience!
Next episode, "Off to Endeavor's Agency!"
Endeavor's flame will burn
the villains into ashes.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!